Change API docs to account for Okta-managed domain certificates. (#2840)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/domains/index.md

    "validationStatus": "NOT_STARTED",
    "dnsRecords": [
        {
          "recordType": "TXT",
          "fqdn": "_oktaverification.login.example.com",
            "values": [
                "79496f234c814638b1cc44f51a782781"
            ],

>           "expiration": "2021-11-23T02:04:28.000Z"

Reviewer: since the request example has `MANUAL` we can remove the expiration from the response as currently we are not sending any value for expiration in case of Manual type.

<ApiOperation method="post" url="/api/v1/domains/${id}/verify" />

> Verifies the Domain and validity of DNS records.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verifies the Domain and validity of DNS records
```

> Furthermore, if the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, then an attempt is made to obtain and install a certificate.  If a certificate is obtained and installed by Okta, Okta handles management including renewal of the certificate.

Reviewer 3: `Once a certificate is obtained...`

Author: I like your optimism.  Will change.

> Furthermore, if the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, then an attempt is made to obtain and install a certificate.  Once a certificate is obtained and installed by Okta, Okta handles management including renewal of the certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if the `certificateSourceType` in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, then an attempt is made to obtain and install a certificate.  After a certificate is obtained and installed by Okta, Okta handles the management including renewal of the certificate.
```

> Furthermore, if the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) was `OKTA_MANAGED`, then an attempt will be made to obtain and install a certificate.  If a certificate was obtained and installed by Okta, Okta will now handle management including renewal of the certificate.

Reviewer 4: Should try to keep it to the present tense.

```suggestion
Furthermore, if the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, then an attempt is made to obtain and install a certificate.  If a certificate is obtained and installed by Okta, Okta handles certificate management including renewal.
```

    "validationStatus": "VERIFIED",
    "dnsRecords": [
        {
          "recordType": "TXT",
          "fqdn": "_oktaverification.login.example.com",
            "values": [
                "79496f234c814638b1cc44f51a782781"
            ],

>           "expiration": "2021-11-23T02:04:28.000Z"

Reviewer: same as above, since certificateSourceType in the response is "Manual". 

Maybe we can add one more sample response for okta-managed..?  As the response will be bit different =>  "fqdn" field will be acmeverification.* with an "expiration" value and certificate metadata section will also be included in response.

}
```

### Create certificate

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/domains/${id}/certificate" />

> Creates the certificate for the Domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creates the certificate for the Domain
```

> If the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, it will now become `MANUAL` and Okta will no longer manage and renew certificates for this domain since a user-managed certificate has been provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `certificateSourceType` in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, it becomes `MANUAL` and Okta no longer manages and renews certificates for this domain since a user-managed certificate has been provided.
```

Author: Sure.  If you configure a domain with a certificateSourceType of MANUAL, you need to give us a cert, because you are managing certs manually yourself.  If you configure a domain with certificateSourceType as OKTA_MANAGED, Okta will obtain and manage the certificate for you. If chose to have Okta manage the domain certificate for you but you come along at some later time and give us a valid certificate, we can't manage the domain certificate anymore because you gave us one.  It is like when you have cruise control on in your car but hit the brakes or gas - the cruise control automatically turns off because you have demanded to take over control by your actions and the car has complied.

Reviewer 2: gotcha! thank you - makes perfect sense.

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/domains/${id}/certificate" />

Creates the Certificate for the Domain.

> If the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) is `OKTA_MANAGED`, it will now become `MANUAL` and Okta will no longer be managing certificates for this domain since a user-managed certificate has been provided.

Reviewer 3: `and Okta will no longer manage and renew certificates for this domain...`

> If the certificateSourceType in the [Domain](#domain-object) was `OKTA_MANAGED`, it will now become `MANUAL` and Okta will no longer be managing certificates for this domain since a user-managed certificate has been provided.

Reviewer 4: See suggested edit for line 111.

| Property                | Type          | Description |
| ----------------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `certificateSourcetype` | String            | Required. Certificate source type that indicates whether the Certificate is provided by the user or Okta.  Accepted values: `MANUAL`, `OKTA_MANAGED`. **Warning:** Use of `OKTA_MANAGED` Requires a feature flag to be enabled.|

Reviewer 3: Requires the EA feature "Custom Domains with Okta-Managed Certificates" to be enabled.

Author: @brentschaus-okta is this ok?

> | `certificateSourcetype` | String            | Required. Certificate source type that indicates whether the certificate is provided by the user or Okta.  Accepted values: `MANUAL`, `OKTA_MANAGED`. **Warning:** Use of `OKTA_MANAGED` Requires a feature flag to be enabled.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `certificateSourcetype` | String            | Required. Certificate source type that indicates whether the certificate is provided by the user or Okta. Accepted values: `MANUAL`, `OKTA_MANAGED`. **Warning:** Use of `OKTA_MANAGED` requires a feature flag to be enabled.|
```

> | `certificateSourcetype` | String            | Required. Certificate source type that indicates whether the Certificate is provided by the user or Okta.  Accepted values: `MANUAL`, `OKTA_MANAGED`. **Warning:** Use of `OKTA_MANAGED` Requires feature flag CUSTOM_URL_DOMAIN_ACME to be enabled.|

Reviewer 4: I understand that we should avoid including mention of specific feature flags in the docs.

| Property                | Type          | Description |
| ----------------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `certificateSourcetype` | String            | Required. Certificate source type that indicates whether the Certificate is provided by the user or Okta.  Accepted values: `MANUAL`, `MANUAL`. **Warning:** Use of `OKTA_MANAGED` Requires feature flag CUSTOM_URL_DOMAIN_ACME to be enabled.|

Reviewer: `MANUAL` is added twice , should be `OKTA_MANAGED` ? for Accepted values

| Property                  | Type                                                           | Description                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `certificateSourceType`   | String                                                       | Certificate source type that indicates whether the certificate is provided by the user or Okta.                                     |

Reviewer 2: no accepted values that need to be listed here? Accept values: `MANUAL`, `OKTA_MANAGED`??

Author: This is a response object

| Property                  | Type                                                           | Description                                                                               |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `certificateSourceType`   | `MANUAL`                                                       | Certificate source type that indicates whether the Certificate is provided by the user. Accepted value: `MANUAL`|

> | `dnsRecords`              | Array of [DNSRecord](#dnsrecord-object)                        | TXT and CNAME records to be registered for the Domain                                     |

Reviewer: looks like dnsRecords object got deleted
